Now here's the diagram
that we had in our previous set of videos
regarding Test-Driven Development.
The idea of test, code and refactor.
I mentioned it's a continuous cycle.
In our previous set of videos,
we saw examples of writing failing tests first,
writing codes to pass and we kind of,
repeated that process over and over again,
but you're probably wondering hey,
we never really discussed the idea of refactoring
or saw examples of refactoring in
that FizzBuzz example.
Remember the idea of refactoring is that,
we can kind of refactor and improve in our design.
One of the benefits of Test-Driven Development is that,
when we pass tests,
increases confidence in our code,
but also it gives us the freedom to refactor
the test or our safety net,
because sometimes you're afraid to touch the code
because you're wondering,
oh, did I break anything?
Well, now that we have a test in place,
we can refactor our code
and simply run our test again.
If our test still passed then hey,
we're in a pretty good space.
What I'd like to do now,
is actually go back and refactor our implementation.
The implementation that we have FizzBuzz,
it works just fine,
but maybe we said hey,
there's another approach I can take
or there's another algorithm or solution,
I'd like to play with.
We can put in that new solution
or we can refactor the code accordingly
and then run our test
and make sure that everything still works.
So let's go ahead and do that now.
I'll provide an alternate implementation here,
for this method
and make sure that it still works.
I'll just create another method with the same signature.
And then I'll just comment out my existing method.
And so here's our compute method,
and so we're going to try a different solution
or a different approach for this.
And then we'll run our tests at the end
to make sure everything still works.
And what I'll do here is,
I'll like you to use string concatenation here.
I'll kind of build up a result string,
based on the logic that we apply here in this method.
So I'll just create a new instance of string builder.
Allows us to concatenate or append strings,
and I'll return the result
and actually result.toString,
because I have to return a string string,
as opposed to a string builder.
And for the first scenario here I'll say,
if i is divisible by three,
then we'll append Fizz.
And then we'll do a similar check.
If i is divisible by five,
we'll append Buzz.
And if nothing has been appended,
so if the result is empty,
meaning hey, there's nothing in there right now.
Then we'll simply append the i.
And that's it.
So just a different way of going about it.
We append Fizz Buzz,
if it's divisible by three and five.
It's automatically FizzBuzz based on its logic.
So just a different approach of going about it.
And let's run our test and see if it still works.
And yes, everything still works.
This idea of test driven development.
We could refactor our code
and with a different implementation
and all of our test still works.
So we know that we're in good shape here,
high level of confidence here
that everything works as desired
and we didn't break anything.
So this is a good thing.
So again, giving you the freedom here ,
to refactor your code.
I love it.
Good job.